1. What is the On-Time Guarantee?

The On-Time Guarantee is our promise that well show up on time for installations and service appointments, because we understand nothing is more frustrating than waiting around for an appointment.

2. How can I check the status of my appointment online?

You can view your appointments within the Overview tab of My Account. Sign into My Account using your TWC ID and go to My Appointments.

3. What steps should I take to notify you of my bankruptcy?

Download the Bankruptcy Information Form.Return the completed form to TWC or mail to DL-ICOMSBankruptcy@charter.com.

4. What is the Better Guarantee?

We are so confident you will love our products and services we guarantee it. That means, if for any reason you are not satisfied with our offerings, all you have to do is call us at 1-888-892-2253 within 30 days of your installation date and we'll cancel your service and refund your account guaranteed.

5. How long do I have to take advantage of the Better Guarantee?

If for any reason you are not satisfied with our products and services, all you have to do is call us at 1-888-892-2253 within 30 days of your installation date and well cancel your service and refund your account guaranteed.

6. What do I have to do to take advantage of the Better Guarantee?

If for any reason you are not satisfied with our products and services, all you have to do is call us at 1-888-892-2253 within 30 days of your installation date and well cancel your service and refund your account guaranteed. However, you must return your leased equipment before the refund can be issued.

7. Can I view my bill online?

Yes, you can view your bill statements online through My Account.
	1. Sign into My Account using your TWC ID.
	2. On the Overview tab, go to Billing.
	3. Select a statement date and click Download PDF.
You will be able to view your current statement and up to five historical statements.

8. How much will I pay once my promotion has ended?

We often offer promotional pricing when you sign up for services, and that pricing is available only for a limited time (e.g. $49.99 per month for 12 months). Once a discount expires, there will be an increase to either a new promotional rate or to retail rates. Note: You will be notified on your bill when pricing changes.

9. How do I read my statement?

For guidance on how to read your bill statement, please see our Sample Bill.

10. Why doesnot my last payment show on my bill?

Your payment may have been received after your bill was printed. For up-to-date information on received payments, sign in to My Account.

11. Can you further explain the "Partial Month" line on the bill?

Any time a service is added or removed from your account, this line will appear on your bill. Your cable bill charges for one month's service in advance. All services are therefore prepaid prior to usage. The "Partial Month" (known as a Pro Rate) covers the period that you had service in addition to your "Monthly Service" charge.
If your service was just installed or you've recently changed your service, partial month charges may be shown on your bill. This ensures that you will only be charged for the correct number of days for your service.

12. Why did the amount of my bill change?

A change to your bill can occur for a number of reasons:
	1.If your service was just installed, you might see one-time fees included for installation or activation of services.
	2.When you signed up for services, you received a promotional discounted rate on your bill. If your discounted rate for your promotion has expired, your services will be billed at a new rate.
	3.If you've recently changed your service, pro-rated charges may be shown on your bill. Pro-rated charges are partial-month charges and ensure that you'll be charged only for the number of days the services were used for that billing period.
	4.Taxes or fees in your area may have changed.

13. When will my first cable bill arrive in the mail?

Billing dates vary based on the bill cycle of your local office, but it is usually 10 days after your installation date. For additional questions regarding your billing dates please contact us.

14. What if I am late paying my bill? Do I get charged a late fee?

Yes. You will be assessed a late fee for payments not received on time. For additional information on late fees, please contact us.

15. Why do you bill one month in advance?

We bill one month in advance so that all services are prepaid prior to usage. If your service was just installed or you've recently changed your service, partial month charges may be shown on your bill. This ensures that you are only charged for the correct number of days that you've had service.

16. What do I do if I want to change the name on my account?

To transfer your Spectrum account to another responsible party or change the name on your account, please complete the Name Change Form. Review the instructions and complete the form requirements, including the appropriate documentation.

17. Do I get billed separately for each service I subscribe to (TV, Phone, Internet)?

For your convenience we provide one bill for all services you subscribe to. However, some locations allow you to be billed separately for different services if you request it.

18. Why do I pay more than my neighbor when we have the same service?

There are various reasons why you and your neighbor pay different amounts:
	Promotions & Service Installation Date - We strive to provide the best service at competitive rates/lowest cost to our customers. Customers that started service at an earlier date could have taken advantage of a limited time offer.
	Package/Bundle of Services - We provide a wide range of services that include TV, Internet and Phone which can be packaged or bundled in a variety of ways. There are multiple packaging options, which are customizable by the customer.

19. If I have a roommate, can they be billed separately for their service?

No. Our billing system only recognizes a home address as an account, not individual residents; therefore, you can only have one bill per address.

20. Where can I view the status of my payment?

Up-to-date information on received payments can be found in the Billing module of My Account.

21. What is a bulk customer?

You are considered a bulk customer if your property manager or Home Owners Association (HOA) have partnered with us to provide our services to your residence. The types and levels of services provided through our Residential Bulk Services are determined by your community. Please contact your property manager or HOA for information about what is included in your TV, Internet or Phone package.

22. How do I establish or upgrade my bulk account services?

Cable outlets in your residence are already active with service so you may establish or upgrade your account services and pick up your equipment (for example: an Internet modem or Digital Adapter) from one of our payment center locations and install them yourself.

23. What do I do if my services are included in my rent or HOA dues and I'm having service issues?

Please contact the Bulk Customer Service Center at the number below that corresponds to your area so they can assist in troubleshooting your issue.

24. What do I do with my equipment if I am vacating my residence and your service is included with my rent or HOA dues?

If your community is responsible for providing your equipment, please work with your property manager or Home Owners Association (HOA) to return your equipment during the checkout process. If not, it is your responsibility to return equipment to us or transfer your account and equipment to your new address. If the equipment is not returned you will be assessed charges for unreturned equipment. Locations for equipment pickup and return can be found at twc.com/stores.

25. How do I make changes to my service?

You can add services by placing an order online or by contacting us.
You can downgrade (lower your level of Internet service but not disconnect Internet, for example) or remove specialty channels by contacting us.
To cancel an entire line of service (i.e., Internet, Phone, TV, etc.) or to cancel all of your service and close your account, please speak with a representative at 1-800-892-4357.

26. What if I am moving a short distance, and will stay in the same city and want to transfer my service?

If you are moving within the same city, please visit our Moving page. Once there, enter the ZIP Code of your new address to verify our services are available. Then, if we provide service in your new area, call us at 1-855-892-6683 to speak with a My Move specialist.

27. If I have a Digital Cable Ready TV that is equipped with a CableCARD and I move, can I take the CableCARD with me?

No, we own the CableCARD. When you move outside our service area and disconnect your cable service, you must return the CableCARD to a local store location.

28. I am moving out of state at the end of this month. However, my roommate is staying and would like to have the cable transferred to her name. How do we go about doing this?

Download the Name Change Form, fill out the form and then submit.
You'll need to present government-issued ID or have the Name Change Form notarized in order to complete the transfer of ownership. The form and required documentation can be returned to your local Spectrum Store, mailed to the address provided on the form or faxed to the number provided on the form.

29. What if I am moving to another area and want to transfer my service?

Your first step should be to visit our Moving page. Once there, enter the ZIP Code of your new address to verify our services are available. Then, if we provide service in your new area, call us at 1-855-892-6683 to speak with a My Move specialist.

30. I am a customer moving to another area, will my Price Lock Guarantee contract transfer with my service?

No, your Price Lock Guarantee contract as well as any special campaigns will not transfer with your service. You will need to reestablish your contract in the new area in order to avoid an Early Termination Fee.

31. What happens if my new address is not in your service area?

To find an alternate service provider, please visit the Cable Movers Hotline website and enter your new address. You can also be routed to your new cable provider by calling 1-866-620-9093 and providing the ZIP Code of your new address.

32. Can I transfer the account in my name to my spouse?

To transfer your account to your spouse's name, please complete and submit a Name Change Form.
You'll need to present government-issued ID or have the Name Change Form notarized in order to complete the transfer of ownership.

33. Is there a charge to transfer my service?

Transfer fees may apply. To find details, start by visiting our Moving page. Once there, enter the ZIP Code of your new address to verify our services are available. Then, if we provide service in your new area, call us at 1-855-892-6683 to speak with a My Move specialist.

34. Can I transfer my Internet service and account if I move?

If you are moving within the same neighborhood, yes.
If you are moving to another state, please visit our Moving page. Once there, enter the ZIP Code of your new address to verify our services are available. Then, if we provide service in your new area, call us at 1-855-892-6683 to speak with a My Move specialist.

35. What is the My Move Box?

The My Move Box is available when you are moving to another serviceable address and will be taking your equipment with you to the new address.

36. How do I find out if I'm in a Spectrum service area?

Visit our moving resource page and enter your new address. If we offer services in your new area, you'll see a confirmation message. If not, visit the Cable Mover site to see who offers services at your new address.

37. How do I notify you that I'm moving?

If you're moving within the Spectrum service area, contact us and let us know. If you're moving outside of a Spectrum service area, visit the Cable Mover site to learn about your new provider.

38. How does the move affect my services and equipment?

Contact us and we'll let you know if you can take your equipment with you or if you'll need to return it to a local Spectrum store. You can also schedule an installation appointment.

39. How does moving affect my bill?

If you move within a Spectrum service area, you can keep your Spectrum account and you'll be able to pay your bill in your normal fashion. You can also contact us to see if you're eligible for any new promotions.

40. How do I sign in to My Account?

Go to twc.com/account, enter your username and password and click Sign in.

41. How do I verify my account after I sign in?

1. Click on the Verify Your Account link located in My Account.
2. In the drop-down, select from the following:
	4-digit Security Code
	Last 4 digits of your credit card number
	Last 4 digits of your bank account number

42. How can I get my 4-digit Security Code if I don't have a paper or paperless bill handy?

If you don't have access to your bill to obtain your 4-digit Security Code, you can request your 4-digit Security Code by contacting us and using the keyword "Security Code". If you have Phone service, you can also call 611 directly to request further assistance.

43. I didn't enter my 4-digit Security Code during registration. Will I be able to enter it later?

Yes, you can enter your 4-digit Security Code at any time.

44. What is my account number?

You can find your account number on the Overview tab of My Account. Note: You must already have a TWC ID.

45. Where can I find my current and previous bill statements online?

You can review your current bill and up to 5 months of past statements online.
Sign into My Account.
On the Overview tab, go to Billing.
Select a statement date and click Download PDF.

46. Why would I want to automatically pay my monthly bill statement?

Recurring Payments, also known as AutoPay, are convenient and ensure that your account is always current. Your payment will automatically be deducted from your credit card or bank account on the due date of each billing cycle.

47. What is a One-Time Payment?

A One-Time Payment is a manual, non-recurring, payment option where you authorize us to collect a payment from your credit card or bank account only when you choose. You can pay either the total due or specify another amount.

48. What are Recurring Payments (also known as AutoPay)?

Recurring Payments, also known as AutoPay, are automatic payments where you authorize us to collect the total charges from your credit card or bank account every month. This amount is deducted on the due date of every billing cycle, so that you never have to worry about late fees.

49. Can I cancel Recurring Payments (also known as AutoPay)? Can I edit account information?

Yes. You can update your account information or cancel recurring payments, also known as AutoPay, at any time. Note: Changes may not take effect until the next billing cycle, depending on your payment arrangement and your billing cycle dates. For specific information about your next payment, Contact Us.

50. Can I schedule a new appointment online?

No, at the present time you cannot schedule an appointment within My Account. To schedule an appointment, please Contact Us.
